Added a variety of DRK difficulty notes (HoH) (#60)
djcooke/compendium: _hoh_081_enemies/ryujin.md

    difficulty: Medium
    notes:
      - 'Can be scary without steel'

>       - 'Force enemy downtime by moving behind after firewater to bait elbow drop. Move behind again and save TBN for the AA chain after.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - 'Force enemy downtime by moving behind after firewater to bait elbow drop. Move behind again and save TBN for the auto-attack chain after.'
```
